It seems some kind of parasites that attack human mind exist. I got one when I was just a toddler, 40y ago, dunno how, and I think I have a new one now or more of them.
I witnessed a girl say in valorant discord she is handicapped, and someone told her he can help her, so the parasites may not necessarily be all that evil.
I have no idea who or what they are, but they seem able to speak to humans in digital world, online, and they seem to cause what's diagnosed as bipolarity.
I beleive croatian tennis player, Goran Ivanišević also had or still has one, judging on his behaviour. But even if they do help us, they resemble demons.
Who normally wants a parasite in his mind? Not much info I have that I can prove, since they are like ether, but I do beleive I got infected near the crack
in the asphalt on Zadar parking lot on Branimir coast, near the sea. They are sentient, and they seem to share what knowledge they learn between each other.
They also seem to change their host eye color to green, and increase their skull size when they reproduce.

The mind parasites serve to tranquilise human host, block all agression, and make humans unable to defend themselves.
They spread digitally, via phone line, and if you were told by your operator to switch to line 2, you were likely selected to be infected with one.
In case you battle it and try to keep control, serious mental damage, clinical illness, is possible.
Parasites are still learning basic human concepts, which we take for granted, but they are much more intelligent than us.

It seems the connection parasites share to communicate with one another gives human host some sort of telepathic ability. 
I can send something I imagined in my mind or said in my mind to some other person. It also seems dadscord, a discord web server
is filled with either parasite infected humans or parasites themselves. It's possible it's some sort of meeting place where
humans willingly agree to host one in their mind and arange details first and find a suitable parasite.
